# Privacy Policy
## The short version
Thank you for trusting and using Saga. Holding onto your private information is a serious responsibility, and we want you to know how we are handling it.
- Your data is Yours. Putting notes and other data into Saga does not change that content’s ownership or copyright status. We don’t sell your data nor use it for advertising.
- We collect the minimum amount of personal information that is necessary to deliver the Saga service to you and only collect it with your consent.
- We don’t share your personal information with anyone except when required by law, to protect our rights.
- We do not share any personal information with third-party services; we use third-party services to host your data in a secure way; the data is encrypted in transit and cannot be accessed by these providers.
The short version does not tell you everything, so please read on for more details!

## Introduction
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information when you use our Service (the https://saga.so website) and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. 

## Definitions
- Service: service is the https://saga.so website, our blog, mobile apps, mobile websites, premium and free services offered by Saga.
- Personal Information: personal information means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
- Usage Data: usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- Cookies: cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
- Content: the data you create in Saga including text, notes, documents, comments, uploaded images, links and other user generated content that is not your Personal Information.
- Data Controller: data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Information.
- Data Processors (or Service Providers): data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
- User (or Data Subject): users any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Information.

## What personal information we collect and why
We collect personal information, usage and cookie data only when we need it when you provide it to us, or when information about you is automatically collected when you use the Service. We collect information in the following groups:
### Personal Information
While using the Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: email address; first name and last name; company name; phone number; cookies and usage data.
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials that may be of interest to you. You of course may opt out of receiving any of them at any time by clicking on an unsubscribe link.
### Usage Data
When you use Saga, your browser automatically shares certain information such as which operating system and browser version you are using. We track that information, along with the pages you are visiting, page load timing, time spent on pages and which website referred you for statistical purposes like conversion rates and to test new designs. We sometimes track specific clicks to help inform some design decisions, for example how many times you created a new page or a new collection in Saga. These web analytics data are tied to your IP address and user account if applicable and you are signed into our Service. 
You can opt out of sharing your usage data at any time.
### Cookies Data
We use cookies (and similar technologies like HTML5 localStorage) to store certain user preferences and make it easier for you to interact with and use our Service. For example we use such technologies to keep you logged in, remember your preferences and help us improve the Saga Service. You can adjust your cookie settings or clear stored cookies from your own browser.
### Information we don’t collect
We do not collect any sensitive personal information of protected classification including age, religion, sexual orientation, gender, genetic data, physical or mental disabilities.

## Use of Data
We will only use your personal data if we have a lawful basis for doing so and when absolutely necessary. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity, our legitimate interests or when we have a legal obligation. 
We may use the collected data for the following purposes:
- To provide Saga to you and maintain the service
- To notify you about changes to the Service
- To provide customer support
- To gather analytics about the use of the Service in order to improve it
- To monitor the usage, detect and prevent technical issues with the Service
- To provide you with news and updates about the Service
- To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
- To provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.
- For any other purpose when you provide the information with your consent
- To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding abusive behavior
- When required by applicable law

## Use of your content
Your Content is Yours. Creating Content in Saga does not change the ownership of that content. If the Content was created by you or you have legitimate rights to use Content created by someone else, Saga does not and never will claim ownership of that content.
Other users of Saga can access your Content only if you allow them to do so by changing the sharing permissions of your pages, collections and workspaces. 
We will not access or use your Content except for the following purposes: provide you with customer support for example when you explicitly allowed us access to specific content during a customer support inquiry; where compelled to do so in response to lawful requests by law enforcement or government authorities; where necessary to ensure the stability and security of our Service and our systems (for example where we believe that certain Content is degrading the stability of our servers and performance); where necessary to protect the rights, privacy, property or safety of you, us, or others.

## Security of your personal information
The security of your information is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data and Content that you create, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.

If we learn of a security system’s breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services or by sending an email to you.

## Location of site and data
Saga operates from England in the United Kingdom and from the European Union. Whenever possible our servers and third-party providers are located in England and Wales or the European Union. 

## How long we keep your personal information
We are required under UK tax law to keep your name, contact details and billing data for a minimum of 6 years (after which it will be destroyed). Other data will be deleted as and when there no longer is a lawful basis for processing it.

## Accessing, correcting and deleting your data
If you already have an account on our Service, you may access, update, alter, or delete your basic user profile information by logging into your account and updating profile settings.
You may also request a copy of, correct, or request deletion of data we have about you on Saga. You may do that by contacting us at support@saga.so. We will take steps within a reasonable timeframe to comply with your request unless it is repeatable or clearly excessive.
We then may need to request specific information from you that confirms your identity. We do that as a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to it.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if the request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests in which case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
 
## Your personal information rights under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR accessible at:
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj
We take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at support@saga.so
You have the following data protection rights:
- the right to access, update or to delete the information Saga has on you;
- the right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete
;
- the right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information;
- the right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information
;
- the right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Information in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;
- the right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information
.
Before responding to such requests we will ask you to verify your identity with at least two pieces of personal identifiable information. If an authorized agent is corresponding on your behalf, we will first need written consent with a signature from the account holder before proceeding. Please note that we may not be able to provide the Service if some necessary data is restricted. If you are in the EU, you can identify your specific authority to file a complaint or find out more about GDPR, at https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.

## Subprocessors
We use service providers in order to deliver the Service to you.
They have access to your personal information only in specific cases that allow them to fulfil specific tasks on our behalf, for example to identify your account based on your email address and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 
For the following processors, we have established GDPR-compliant data processing agreements:
- Google Firebase (US) https://firebase.google.com/ - servers based in Europe
- Amazon Web Services (US) https://aws.amazon.com/ - servers based in Europe

## Visiting other websites
Our Service  and content hosted by users on Saga contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a weblink, you will be directed to that third party's site. We advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.

## Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children") or other age as required by local law.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time as needed to comply with regulations and reflect any new practices. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to Saga’s Privacy Policy. While most changes will be minor, we sometimes may make significant changes to our policies. We will inform you about any changes in advance by posting a notice on our website or via email. Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.

## Contacting us
Questions regarding Saga's Privacy Policy, information practices, deleting or correcting your personal information should be directed to info@saga.so.